Lemon ER Changelist

2.0.2L (2025.12.13 Update)
	BUGFIXES
		Booster Energy
			Merged AlexOnl1ne's Booster Energy Implementation, which hopefully fixes both the not triggering and the double trigger bug which popped up sometimes.
		Ridemon Elevation
			Previously, you could hop off impassible ledges into water or ground using a ride pokemon. Notably this could cause a softlock on Hoenn's Cycling Road. I copied Mocha's fix (with her permission) because she's the goat
		National Dex
			The Gen 6, Gen 7, and Gen 8 national pokedexes all had incorrect pokemon lists. This should now be fixed.
	SYLVEON
		Uh I think I fixed sylveon. W Mocha once again
	NEW FEATURES
		This version should be shipping with a script that allows you to export your team directly into a damage calculator. Just in case you're interested in sweating. Note: this only applies to your party. I did not want to implement the box for what I hope are obvious reasons.
			


2.0.1L (The first Lemon patch)
	MISSED FEATURES
		Nature Fix
			Previously, natures were always random. This is because natures were never set to competitive natures despite code indicating that they should.  This has now been fixed.
		Missing Pokemon
			Previously, pecharunt, zorua-h, and growlithe-ha were unavailable. No Nut November is over, and Hamilton and Baguera have been fixed as spawns, thanks to Mocha's fix.
			Additionally, added routes for the Galarian birds to spawn normally. Now you shouldn't have to find them only through Wahey.
		Missing Evolutions
			Previously, eevee could not evolve to sylveon. Copied Mocha's sylveon fix.
	BUGFIXES
		Armor Tail / Dazzling / Queenly Majesty
			Previously, these abilities did not protect the partner pokemon despite doing so in live. Skolgrahd's fix has been implemented.
		Shed Tail
			Previously, Shed Tail was creating a substitute with 50% of cyclizar's max HP and not 25%. I've implemented iriv24's fix.
		Soul Heart
			Previously, Soul Heart's boosts landed on the wrong pokemon. DizzyEgg's Soul Heart fix has been implemented.
		Spectral Thief
			Previously, Spectral Thief only stole boosts if it did not KO the target. Kleen's Spectral Thief fix has been implemented.
	OTHER
		Commander
			Changed the ability description of Commander to reflect that it doesn't work.
	UPCOMING
		Booster Energy
			Literally going to be trying to get it working later this week. Expect this for 2.02L.
		Commander
			Probably not. Fucking hate tatsugiri
		Disguise
			Maybe. There are like six bugs with this ability and idk if I want to try to get it working :)
		The ZA Megas
			God, yeah. Fine. I will. Eventually.